[CIVIS-8553] Ruby library for test visibility is GA (#21548)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/setup/ruby.md

For the full list of available instrumentation methods, see the [`ddtrace` documentation][8]

## Webmock

[Webmock][9]
is a popular Ruby library that stubs HTTP requests when running tests.

> By default it fails when used together with datadog-ci as traces are being sent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, it fails when used with datadog-ci because traces are being sent
```

> to Datadog via HTTP calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to Datadog with HTTP calls.
```
^ Just to make our style checker happy.

> In order to allow HTTP connections for Datadog backend you would need to configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow HTTP connections for Datadog backend, you need to configure
```

Webmock accordingly.

```ruby

> # when using agentless mode (note to use the correct datadog site, e.g. datadoghq.com, datadoghq.eu, etc):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# when using Agentless mode (note: use the correct datadog site, for example, datadoghq.com, datadoghq.eu, etc.):
```

WebMock.disable_net_connect!(:allow => "citestcycle-intake.datadoghq.com")

> # when using agent running locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# when using Agent running locally:
```

WebMock.disable_net_connect!(:allow_localhost => true)

> # or for more granular setting set your agent URL, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# or for more granular setting set your Agent URL, for example:
```

WebMock.disable_net_connect!(:allow => "localhost:8126")
```

## Collecting Git metadata

{{% ci-git-metadata %}}

## Using manual testing API

If you use RSpec, Minitest, or Cucumber, **do not use the manual testing API**, as CI Visibility automatically instruments them and sends the test results to Datadog. The manual testing API is **incompatible** with already supported testing frameworks.

Use the manual testing API only if you use an unsupported testing framework or have a different testing mechanism.
Full public API documentation is available on [YARD site][10].

### Domain model

The API is based around four concepts: test session, test module, test suite, and test.

#### Test session

A test session represents a test command run.

> To start a test session, call `Datadog::CI.start_test_session` and pass the Datadog service and tags (such as test framework

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start a test session, call `Datadog::CI.start_test_session` and pass the Datadog service and tags (such as the test framework
```

you are using).

When all your tests have finished, call `Datadog::CI::TestSession#finish`, which closes the session and sends the session
trace to the backend.

#### Test module

A test module represents a smaller unit of work within a session.

> For supported test frameworks test module is always same as test session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For supported test frameworks, test module is always same as test session.
```

> For your use case it could be a package in your componentized application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For your use case, this could be a package in your componentized application.
```
